This far, we've been focusing on the conversion metrics within our marketing metrics.
However, you can also capture the impact of marketing campaign
in terms of revenue using metrics that capture the financial cost.
These include cost per acquisition and lifetime values.
Let's tackle cost per acquisition first.
Before we get started,
acquisition refers to a non paying customer.
Cost per acquisition focuses on the sales and marketing cost,
including cost of supplies,
labor and marketing, overhead and
sales that it took to convert a non paying customer into a paying customer.
You calculate it by dividing the marketing and
sales cost by the number of new lead customers.
If you're feeling confused about CPA and CAC at this point,
don't worry, it confuse me to.
Let's go over the difference between these.
CPA is focused on the marketing and sales cost,
so it includes overhead and salaries for staff in addition to marketing and sales costs.
CPA also focuses on sales leads,
not actual paying customers.